Hello, how are you welcome?
this review or criticism of the gentlemen
of the zodiac the legend of the sanctuary
To begin with, it is worth mentioning many things
as well as things that were seen to come and
that many will not like everyone anymore
know the synopsis the knights
they have to cross the twelve houses
until you get to the patriarch's in that
everything is fine in terms of the details of
development of the characters to be
sincere I liked it but I think that
they were exceeded in some parts but
the perfect 3D design went well
now I will go to what is the plot and a
little of what the warning script is
totally spoilers all the following
so if you do not see the movie yet and
you do not want to find out in this way
I suggest you close the video good for
begin I will tell you my experience a
little when I went to see her I went to the cinema and
I looked for the best seat to be able
appreciate the best when the
movie I said but I'm watching
fuck uncle this is the host the fight
among the epic golden saints
spectacular give 12 madrazos in the sky
although here I was fighting, it becomes hard
against ayo 2 which I thought was a bit
but I said it does not matter since
supposedly saga dies in this way
clear faking his death to give
explanation because the golden saint of
Gemini was not in the Gemini house
but the battle was very short then everything
the rest happened very summarized but if
they did a good job since
it was very understandable here dowser is not
as in the anime but I think also
They did a good job on that because
it was not necessary for that to be the same
because I think it's not that important
well I think it's already known in the order
of the twelve houses where they will go
the bronze knights true when
come to the house of Aries appears very and
gives a very short battle with seville
then they go to the house of Paul and other
battle with sevilla at the end if she
cut the horn
the next house they arrive at is
the cancer one confirmation is that
dead mask if it is port and its character is
totally different from what we saw in
the anime retaining only its arrogance
and psychopathy for killing in this house
cancer sends yoga to the aquarium house
and so rive the entrance of hell where
that he would take his fight with cancer the
battle between syrian and dead more me
It seemed very short but good what else
the house of gemini not to mention because it
suppose they had to pass by for
get to leo's house but be the
They sauntered in Leo's house as
we know
seville versus a georgia to georgia
I was after the control of the satan
imperial patriarch the battle of
I thought it was good here although I feel that
missed something then intervenes out of
virgo and tells the knights of
bronze that continue already georgia that
react and stay with him
while in the aquarium house camps
he finds yoga they talk a little and
then between scenes passes while
what others do afterwards when they return
to this fight between the knights
these people have already finished their fight
but what the hell is it that I could
lose this great battle being there in
the cinema but I said it does not matter so
I kept seeing up there everything was fine
although with lagunas things that I do not
they liked now the worst part comes for
so getting to the house of good I do not know if
it was the house of Capricorn or of
scorpion but there's a fight with
the bronze knights being
beaten like sandbags until
comes to another punching bag more than is
here and they say wait your turn to
hit you too x me is
woman if she is a woman and I think more to me
his brain was fused to allow
this and over is a redhead the truth
I did not like this then they come to glory
very girl and aldebarán saying but
because they did not invite us to hit sacks
of sand x of no lie arrive and they say
they expect these gentlemen protect
athens and that the patriarch has a
false antenna are put to analyze
or draw their conclusions that the only
power to control is from the gentleman
missing but missing three good
they were referring to saga and sura says but saga
He died when they fought against tears
after this series realizes this
and he gets angry and Aphrodite has the bad
lucky to go through the temple of
patriarch and saga throws to aphrodite of
piscis through the window and he kills guatafán
but what the fuck how can I die a
golden saint that way really that
this last half is a disaster because
they skipped many battles me what is
woman also dies camus dies
Aphrodite dies in a very
stupid why the hell does he swear he does not die and
instead he remains alive and the
battle at the end against saga this
becoming a kind of
monster with the help of the armor of
Sagittarius seville manages to defeat him and
final saga dies in short movie
delay one hour with 30 minutes time
limit of a movie in the cinema is
only three hours without more because
they made a film so short with so
good effects the truth is that I
I'm disappointed with that half of the half
in the end when they could do something
it's better as if they had reached the
half
then they left the address of the
movie to someone who does not have even the
more fucking idea of ​​what saint seiya or
the 12 houses or I do not know but I've been
looking for explanations but not the
I find that it crossed their minds
and where was the feeling because what
what I see there is not it does not give you time to
earn that love of the characters by
lack of good time that's what
I think about the movie I would like to know
your comments leave it here below
to then talk about this thanks for
watch the video then upload the video
full of the movie but it's that the
true the Japanese version has not yet
come out and that already has a lot of time
have been released while the
Latin version is only cinema because
He has very little time but I'll keep going
pending to see if I find it
totally in hd quality
that's all thanks and until next time
video